HelloWorld, This is Hephy fron GitHub and I am so excited to user GitHub. I can't wait to explore and use it to the maximum--sharing knowledge and skills with other developers all over the world. it's been a long journey since we started to learn how Linux works. First we begun by tracing back the history of Unix which didnt make sence to me and I had to question my teacher why he asked us to trace the history of Unix when I was supporsed to learn how Linux works. The teacher didn't hestate to answer that in order to understand how Linux works I needed to trace the roots of Linux. After my reseach which wasn't easy because I had tofind my reseach from the library for citations and best results, I had a clear understanding  how Linux is related to Unix. According to my reseach I discovered that Unix is the root and the DNA of all distributions therefore Linux is actually Unix flavour.
My second challenge was when my teacher asked us to build our own Linux and for me that was impossible. I was afraid to make mistakes and so I was worred how I was going to build my own Linux. I thought knowing how Linux was related to Unix was enough but, here waas another challenge. I decited to find out how can that be possible by searching for information and watching videos online. After gathering some knowledge and asking two of my classmates to do it together, we were able to download Linux on a live USB. I decited to try to download Linux on Live USB on my own at home and it was successfull.this is when I realized that I can do it on my own. I was afraid to make mistakes at the beginning but after realizing that making mistakes was actually learning, I started exploring new skills and ideas, troubleshooting, I was not afraid to make mistakes anymore anymore. 
My third challenge was when we decited as the whole f17 class to build ourown distribution for our final exam. I was so excited and looking forward to explore new skills. This project looked like a puzzle to me every week we were going to come up with pieces to complet the puzzle. I did a lot of troubleshooting finding out what this project meant the first week the first week of our project so when the teacher asked in the class what was my weaknesses and strengths in the Linux project, I was excited to share my discoveries. I was picked as the project Lead due to what i said my strengths were (troubleshooting and not afraid of making mistakes because thats how I learn) it was challeging to reach every student in my class and I was so overwhelmed with trying to communicate to every one in my class. The following we broke into Team Leads and each Team Lead had its Team Members.this made the work easier and everyweek with the contribution from the Team Leads and their Team Membersthe puzzle was getting clearler. I saw every student's contributions as part of the puzzle and I encouraged them to contribute because we needed every piece of the puzzle and not contributing was like losing parts of the puzzle. (each and everyone of us had an important part to play in order to complete our Linux project) 
I felt Honored to be picked as the Project Lead and I knew right then that being a Project Lead and a trouble shooter, much was required of me. I am so thankful for this wonderful opportunity because I have learned leadership skills which I believe will help me in my future endeavors. I have learned to be effective, communicative, informative, encouraging, focused, positive and building relationship with members of the Abanto.club and finally I have learned to be Leader and an example. It was challenging at the beginning but I had to stand firm and take lead knowing that my teacher picked me as The Project Lead because  he believed in me that I can be a leader. 
we are getting closer to complete our puzzle--AbantOS Project and I hope there will be more and bigger Projects a head of us. This is just but the beginning. 
Welcome to the enlightenment world!
Hephy
